docs(typo): correct typo in documentation (#85)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: knora/README.md

    - [get_existing_ontologies()](#get_existing_ontologies)
    - [get_project_ontologies()](#get_project_ontologies)
    - [ontology_exists()](#ontology_exists)
    - [get_ontology_lastmoddate()](#get_ontology_lastmoddate)
    - [create_ontology()](#create_ontology)
    - [delete_ontology()](#delete_ontology)
    - [get_ontology_graph()](#get_ontology_graph)
    - [create_res_class()](#create_res_class)
    - [create_property()](#create_property)
    - [create_cardinality()](#create_cardinality)
- [Lists](#lists)
    - [create_list_node()](#create_list_node)
    - [get_lists()](#get_lists)
    - [get_complete_list()](#get_complete_list)
- [Creating instances](#creating-instances)
    - [create_resource()](#create_resource)
        - [values parameter](#values-parameter)
        - [Stillimage parameter](#stillimage-parameter)
- [Other methods](#other-methods)
    - [create_schema()](#create_schema)
    - [reset_triplestore_content()](#reset_triplestore_content)
- [SIPI](#sipi)
    - [Sipi()](#Sipi)
    - [upload_image()](#upload_image)
- [BulkImport](#bulkImport)
    - [Bulkimport()](#bulkimport)
    - [add_resource()](#add_resource)
    - [upload()](#upload)

## Knora

> Knora is the base class which handles all the communication with the Knora backend. In order to use Knora, the user has to submit
> his/her credentials to the Knora backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knora is the base class which handles all the communication with the DSP API. In order to use Knora, the user has to submit
his/her credentials to the DSP API
```
Not that it matters, but we were replacing all Knora, right?

Reviewer: also `his/her` is very gender binary... one could even put `their` to be a bit more modern

Author: I didn't go through all the file but now that you mention it, I replaced the Knora reference with DSP or DSP API everywhere in this file. I corrected the his/her, too. Thanks for mentioning that.
